He probably still doesn't believe I won't
Hey don't forget
Tonight at 7pm
Zhang Shuai will come to Jinhai Regal Hotel
Don't miss the opportunity.
Qin Chang, are you finished?
Do you think I would believe your childish lies?
Everything needs to be confirmed to know whether it is true or false.
How can you rely on your own subjective judgment?
To decide whether it is true or false?
If what I say is true
Didn't you miss the meeting with Zhan Shuai?
Okay, I'll go to the Regal Hotel to have a look.
If you don't see Zhan Shuai, I will block you forever
Don't you know that you are dying?
Also pull black people?
What are you doing?
What do we do?
You'll soon learn to call Lao Tzu
Catch it, don't come here
Let go of me! Help!
Just looking for death